hi there is chris kramer coming to you
today from Miami City Ballet and i'm
here with skyler Lubin and a scholar i
want to speak to you about your
experience in Chicago because you were
fortunate enough to to go and dance with
the company open in Chicago what was
that like for you dancing in Chicago was
an amazing experience working with the
company you know I I don't know it's
different one year with the school
company all the dancers dance so big and
you like working in the core you really
have to like learn to follow and
everything they do it's hard but yeah
what do you think was like the most
inspiring a part of the trip for you um
I don't know I guess just like working
with the dancers in general they're
they're all you know they're all mean
they're just really inspirational yeah
that's cool do you have any input you
have any favorite dancer on the company
right now I love to bel vada sisters
there a lot of fun right yeah beautiful
dancers are really nice people right
yeah well that's very cool well thanks
for talking to us okay thank you i'm
here with adrian carter and i'm looking
to hear how your experience was for
chicago but tell me a little bit about
what you did to prepare to go to Chicago
well we've been rehearsing with the
company since I mean I guess a couple of
them have been working with the company
since last season I just started
rehearsing with come
August and we usually rehearse about
every day with them it's not every day
then looks like at least three times a
week probably okay and how are those
rehearsals for you were they pretty
intense yeah they are intense um we
usually like at first we would just have
our solid like the 16 girls in boots
having our dance would have rehearsal
and then we would start like complete
rehearsals and you'd run like the whole
ballet and she's referring to symphony
in three movements and 16-core dancers
right and the white leotard yeah yes
very cool and so did you find it
challenging to learn all the musicality
of that choreography because it's
Stravinsky and very I very tense all
right it's really hard to count and the
beginning is all cannons and you have
like every other girls on a different
countin so it's very tricky mm-hmm and
how was it to be um a rehearsal with a
professional company and with the Ballet
Mistress in front of you as compared to
you know a normal teacher in school it's
really fine it's a lot different than
like score hair cells because like every
time we do something wrong we stop and
like so it's a Korean stopping and going
to stopping and going but in my company
rehearsal it's more like we'll run
through the whole thing and then at the
and like Rome our journey were like
Telus notes and then like we just fix it
the next time hi there i'm here with
christina spigner and i actually just
want to follow up with you about some of
your time in chicago I'm sure he had
some rehearsals and obviously did some
performing but what did you do in your
spare time um actually surprisingly we
had a lot of spare time we went out to
dinner and walked around downtown and
just saw everything and we actually had
to come a deep dish pizza it was so good
and how does that compare to miami pizza
um it was it was a lot better i say yeah
all right yeah I've never had chicago
deep dish pizza oh my god I know before
I it's oh okay I'm very cool so so you
pizza that's cool yeah an awesome shape
I know you meet so that's good but yeah
we just yeah I experienced Chicago it in
this cold weather but yeah that's ahead
you been to Chicago before boom I have
family in Chicago's oh nice yeah nice
and so did you have a lot of rehearsals
as well or what else did you spend your
time while you were in Chicago yeah we
had a lot more her Souls and class away
of class like around like noonish or
like one and then we'd have her her soul
after that and then we would go have a
break and then it would be the shelf so
cool you have a nice time yes amazing
time I love today very cool